Create rule S6454 (#1249)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6454/java/rule.adoc

> In Javadoc you can add a reference to a class, method, field, etc. with tags `@link`, `@linkplain` and `@see`. The referenced elements should exist in your classpath, otherwise you won't be able to build a javadoc.

Reviewer: I think I would remove @see because @see can link to any URL - in which case, we won't be able to check its validity - whereas @link and @linkplain are restricted to reference a package, class or member.

```suggestion
In Javadoc you can add a reference to a package, class or member with tags `@link` and `@linkplain`. The referenced elements should exist in your classpath, otherwise you won't be able to build a javadoc.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, makes sense

== Noncompliant Code Example

[source,java]
----
/**

>  * prints {@link NonExistingType} "Hello World!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * prints {@link NonExistingType} "Hello World!"  // Noncompliant
```

 */
public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("Hello World!");
}
----

== Compliant Solution

[source,java]
----
/**
 * prints {@link String} "Hello World!"
 */
public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("Hello World!");
}
----

== See

Javadoc Documentation:  https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/windows/javadoc.html[https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/tools/windows/javadoc.html]

ifdef::env-github,rspecator-view[]

'''

== Implementation Specification
(visible only on this page)

=== Message

> Make sure this link points to existing class, method or field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure this link points to an existing package, class or member.
```

=== Highlighting

> * Primary: the reference after `@link`, `@linkplain` or `@see`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Primary: the reference after `@link` or `@linkplain`
```
